local DrRayLibrary = loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AZYsGithub/DrRay-UI-Library/main/DrRay.lua"))()

local window = DrRayLibrary:Load("Last Breath Hub | Tai's RNG", "Default")

local tab = DrRayLibrary.newTab("Auras", "ImageIdHere")

tab.newButton("CORRUPTED", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.CORRUPTED
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("Inferno", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Inferno
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("GLITCH", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.GLITCH
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("Jolly", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Jolly
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("Legendary", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Legendary
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("Mathematique", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Mathematique
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("Heartstruck", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Heartstruck
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("Mutations", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Mutations
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("OVERDUE", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.OVERDUE
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("PERTURBATION", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.PERTURBATION
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("Rainfall", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Rainfall
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("SantasSpark", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.SantasSpark
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("Satan", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Satan
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("Taxi", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Taxi
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("Tornado", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Tornado
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("GrandReaper", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.GrandReaper
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("Gift", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Gift
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("DIGITALIZED", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.DIGITALIZED
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("Dream", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Dream
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("FIGHT", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.FIGHT
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("Epic", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Epic
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("Festive", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Festive
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("Firework", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Firework
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("Chrono", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Chrono
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("Chained", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Chained
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("Code", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Code
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("Blackhole", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Blackhole
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("Cupid", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Cupid
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("KALEIDOSCOPIC", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.KALEIDOSCOPIC
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("ONESTAR", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.ONESTAR
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

local tab = DrRayLibrary.newTab("Dev Exclusive | Risky", "ImageIdHere")

tab.newButton("Tai", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.Tai
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

tab.newButton("CupidTwin", "Click Me!", function()

local getAura = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Auras.CupidTwin
game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage").Remotes.AuraEquip:FireServer(getAura)
end)

local tab = DrRayLibrary.newTab("Credits", "ImageIdHere")

tab.newButton("M1sty", "Owner of Last Breath Hub", function()

end)
